Give the Cloud VPC section some love (#604)
timescale/docs: cloud/vpc-peering.md

connections, migrating services to and from VPCs, and creating new services with
VPC peering attachments.

To use Timescale Cloud VPC peering, you need your own cloud VPC, where your
applications and infrastructure are already running. This section covers how to
get your VPC peering set up in Amazon Web Services (AWS).

You need to have these permissions on your cloud provider account to set up
VPC peering:
*   Accept VPC peering requests
*   Configure route table rules
*   Configure security group and firewall rules

By default, Timescale Cloud allows you to have three VPCs in each project. If
you need more VPCs, [contact our support team][timescale-support] to ask for a
quota increase.

<highlight type="warning">
When you have attached your Timescale Cloud service to a VPC, it is no longer
accessible using the public internet. It is only accessible using your peered
AWS VPC.
</highlight>

## Create a new VPC in Timescale Cloud
To begin, you need to create a new VPC in the Timescale Cloud console.

<procedure>

### Creating a new VPC in Timescale Cloud
1.  [Log in to your Timescale Cloud account][cloud-login] and navigate to
    the `VPC` section.
1.  Click `Create VPC`.

> 1.  In the `Create a VPC` dialog, type a name for your new VPC, and provide an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  In the `Create a VPC` dialog, choose the region for your VPC that matches the region of the service you plan to attach to. change the name for your new VPC, and provide an
```

I'm not sure if this should be written out into sub steps

# VPC peering in Timescale Cloud
Timescale Cloud allows you to create a virtual private cloud (VPC) network
between an external cloud provider and your Timescale Cloud services. This
allows you to isolate your Timescale Cloud services so that they are only
accessible using your external cloud account, and is useful if you need to
improve security through a reduction in the potential attach vector surface.

When you have VPC peering set up in your external cloud provider, you can create

> and configure your VPC peering connections in the Timnescale Cloud console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and configure your VPC peering connections in the Timescale Cloud console.
```

VPC peering attachments.

To use Timescale Cloud VPC peering, you need your own cloud VPC, where your
applications and infrastructure are already running. This section covers how to
get your VPC peering set up in Amazon Web Services (AWS).

You need to have these permissions on your cloud provider account to set up
VPC peering:
*   Accept VPC peering requests
*   Configure route table rules
*   Configure security group and firewall rules

By default, Timescale Cloud allows you to have three VPCs in each project. If
you need more VPCs, [contact our support team][timescale-support] to ask for a
quota increase.

<highlight type="warning">
When you have attached your Timescale Cloud service to a VPC, it is no longer
accessible using the public internet. It is only accessible using your peered
AWS VPC.
</highlight>

## Create a new VPC in Timescale Cloud
To begin, you need to create a new VPC in the Timescale Cloud console.

<procedure>

### Creating a new VPC in Timescale Cloud
1.  [Log in to your Timescale Cloud account][cloud-login] and navigate to
    the `VPC` section.
1.  Click `Create VPC`.
1.  In the `Create a VPC` dialog:

>     *   Type a name for your new VPC that matcghes the region of the service you
>         want to attach it to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   Type a name for your new VPC and select the region that matches the region of the service you
        want to attach it to.
```
